docs: edit step 2 of getting started start-routing.md (#39593)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-routing.md

# Adding navigation

> This guide builds upon the first step of the Getting Started tutorial, [Get started with a basic Angular app](start "Get started with a basic Angular app").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide builds on the first step of the Getting Started tutorial, [Get started with a basic Angular app](start "Get started with a basic Angular app").
```

Minor nit: `upon` is a bit formal.

At this stage of development, the online store application has a basic product catalog.

> This step of the tutorial guides you in configuring your application so you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following sections, you'll add the following features to the application:
```
Again, minor nit, but this puts the focus more on the user and tightens the language.

> * Enter a URL in the address bar to navigate to a corresponding product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Type a URL in the address bar to navigate to a corresponding product page.
```

* Click links on the page to navigate within your single-page application.
* Click the browser's back and forward buttons to navigate the browser history intuitively.

{@a define-routes}

## Associate a URL path with a component

> The application is already set up to use the Angular `Router` to navigate to the `ProductListComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application already uses the Angular `Router` to navigate to the `ProductListComponent`.
```

This section shows you how to define a route to show individual product details.

1. Generate a new component for product details.
    In the file list, right-click the `app` folder, choose `Angular Generator` and `Component`.

>     Give the component the name `product-details`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Name the component `product-details`.
```
Moving from a general verb (`give`) to a more specific one.

1. In `app.module.ts`, add a route for product details, with a `path` of `products/:productId` and `ProductDetailsComponent` for the `component`.

    <code-example header="src/app/app.module.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" region="product-details-route">
    </code-example>

1. Open `product-list.component.html` so you can update the `*ngFor` directive.
    To iterate over the items in the  `products` array, add `index as productId` to the `*ngFor`.

>     Adding `index as productId`  assigns each index in the `products` array to the `productId` variable when iterating over the list.

Reviewer: This section seems like it has multiple steps:

1. Open `product-list.component.html`.
2. Update the `*ngFor` directive to read as follows.
    <code snippet>
    This statement instructs Angular to iterate over the items in the `products` array and assigns each index in the array to the `productId` variable when iterating over the list.

>     Next, modify the product name anchor to include a `routerLink`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be a numbered step?
```suggestion
    1. Modify the product name anchor to include a `routerLink` directive.
```

    <code-example header="src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-list/product-list.component.html" region="router-link">
    </code-example>

    The `RouterLink` directive helps you customize the anchor element.
    In this case, the route, or URL, contains one fixed segment, `/products`.
    The final segment is variable, inserting the `id` property of the current product.
    For example, the URL for a product with an `id` of 1 would be similar to `https://getting-started-myfork.stackblitz.io/products/1`.

> 1. Now when you click a product name, the application displays the `ProductDetailsComponent`, which currently says "product-details works!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify that the router works as intended by clicking the product name. The application should display the `ProductDetailsComponent`, which currently says "product-details works!"
```

    Notice that the URL in the preview window changes.
    The final segment is `products/#`  where `#` is the number of the route you clicked.

    <div class="lightbox">
      <img src="generated/images/guide/start/product-details-works.png" alt="Product details view with updated URL">
    </div>

## View product details

The `ProductDetailsComponent` handles the display of each product.
The Angular Router displays components based on the browser's URL and [your defined routes](#define-routes).

> This section shows you how to use the Angular Router to combine the `products` data and route information to display the specific details for each product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you'll use the Angular Router to combine the `products` data and route information to display the specific details for each product.
```

1. In `product-details.component.ts`, import `ActivatedRoute` from `@angular/router`, and the `products` array from `../products`.

    <code-example header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.1.ts" region="imports">
    </code-example>

1. Define the `product` property.

>     Next, inject the `ActivatedRoute` into the `constructor()` by adding `private route: ActivatedRoute` as an argument within the constructor's parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Inject the `ActivatedRoute` into the `constructor()` by adding `private route: ActivatedRoute` as an argument within the constructor's parentheses.
```

This should be a step also, correct?

    <code-example header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.1.ts" region="props-methods">
    </code-example>

    The `ActivatedRoute` is specific to each component that the Angular Router loads.
    `ActivatedRoute` contains information about the route and the route's parameters.

>     By injecting the `ActivatedRoute`, you are configuring the component to use a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By injecting the `ActivatedRoute`, you are configuring the component to use a service.
```
I keep tripping up over phrases like " the `ActivatedRoute`" or "the `*ngFor`." I think it reads better if you either drop the article or add what the item is: the `ActivatedRoute` interface, or the `*ngFor` directive.

I'm not sure though. Maybe it's just me? Any thoughts?

Author: I'm not a huge fan of the definite article in front of these either and usually remove them, depending on context. I'm happy to remove them in general. Currently, the style is in about half of the docs, maybe a little less now.

    The route parameters correspond to the path variables you define in the route. The URL that matches the route provides the `productId`. Angular uses the `productId` to display the details for each unique product.

1. Update the `ProductDetailsComponent` template to display product details with an `*ngIf`.
    If a product exists, the `<div>` renders with a name, price, and description.

    <code-example header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.html" region="details">
    </code-example>

    The line, `<h4>{{ product.price | currency }}</h4>`, uses the `currency` pipe to transform `product.price` from a number to a currency string.
    A pipe is a way you can transform data in your HTML template.
    For more information about Angular pipes, see [Pipes](guide/pipes "Pipes").

> Now, when users click on a name in the product list, the router navigates them to the distinct URL for the product, shows the `ProductDetailsComponent`, and displays the product details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users click on a name in the product list, the router navigates them to the distinct URL for the product, shows the `ProductDetailsComponent`, and displays the product details.
```

Our docs like to say "Now..." a lot. I don't think it's necessary.

<div class="lightbox">
  <img src="generated/images/guide/start/product-details-routed.png" alt="Product details page with updated URL and full details displayed">
</div>

For more information about the Angular Router, see [Routing & Navigation](guide/router "Routing & Navigation guide").

<hr />

## What's next

> Congratulations!
> You have configured your application so you can view product details, each with a distinct URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section of the Getting Started tutorial, you configured your application so you can view product details, each with a distinct URL.
```
I am always wary of saying congratulations when I cannot say for sure that the user was successful. :)

> To continue exploring Angular, you can choose one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue exploring Angular:
```
